It's Jackie Chan.
Are you really good at coming with your mouth open?
Take a look.
There's not even a bank logo on it.
If there is no money in this card
Boy, I'll let you take your life to pay off the debt and swipe your card
This card can't be swiped.
Hahahaha
I told you so.
Fake lad
You wouldn't say the permissions of Yuelong Hotel
Not enough to swipe your card
It makes sense to call your boss
Yo dragon return
I'm afraid you're buying a bargain at the stall, right?
Suzaku, are you kidding me?
This card belongs to the Dragon King Palace
Bring Your Own Spirituality
If it falls into the hands of ordinary people like you
Nature has experienced
If it is in my hands, it will recover naturally.
Hahaha
You see, the golden dragon has flown back.
The boy is dying
You still deceive me with this trick of running away from the rivers and lakes
main power
How come?
Boss Yue, you came just in time
This kid is pretending to be the Dragon King
And washed his feet with 90 million tons of wine
Now I'm going to check out with this toy card
You cut off his feet for me right now
Supreme Dragon Card
You take a good look
That's clearly a fake card
Can't be wrong
Elder Suzaku once used the Supreme Dragon Card in our store
I've seen you kid, what a pains
I just swiped his card
Not a penny
Obviously it's fake
To swipe the Supreme Dragon Card
You have to use this special card reader.
Try it, offended